Company Name: Automatic Reality Ltd.

Company Mission: Merge Artificial Intelligence and the human mind using non invasive methods
in order to improve our intelligence and perception in an every day basis by the use of our cognitive extensions.

Company Product:

	ForMate: ForMate - Developing a formless world

	Is an application that runs in every device and its mission is to erradicate the use of forms in the world in order
	to make people's life more enjoyable, stress free and focus on what really matters for all.

    ForMate is a new concept merging Computer Vision and automation making the customer experience smooth like silk in
    computers and in the real life becoming an important must have aid for our minds.

    ForMate not only auto fills forms for you learning from your previous input but our innovative approach makes forms
    obsolete and drive computers to the future making them really work for the people.

    No information is shared between your device and ForMate and you have the full control of your own information.



    How does it work ?

    Think of ForMate as a window glass in front of your computer monitor. This glass is able to recognize the image you are seeing,
    the text you are reading through, buttons in the user interface, windows, and elements in the screen in order to minimize the
    need for your input by generating a user interface in real time displayed on the window glass.

    AR CORETECH is the technology that makes ForMate possible is based upon the integration of three basic concepts,
    Augmented Reality, A Camera and Computer Vision detecting image features and characteristics according our different
    available Cognitive Extensions. ForMate is a Cognitive Extension from AR CORETECH  It processes information and gives you
    suggestions and ideas on what to do (hence our so called Cognitive Extensions).




    Benefits

    *   Our Cognitive Extension software makes you smarter and gives you the ability to execute knowledge downloaded to your
    devices as if it was an external brain that cooperates with yours at your service.
    *   No Chemicals, no side effects.
    *   Not Invasive.
    *   Minimizes the need for expensive software integrations as we can make all applications speak natural language, and our AR CORETECH
    foundation enables you to analyze, correlate, memorize, take and dispatch actions when is required.
    *   Boosted conversion rates for Merchants who eliminate their web forms and turn to us. Less carts abandoned due to
    the many things you ask.
    *   HR Companies boosting the number of applicants as quite often this type of business tend to ask many things.
    *   Less headaches with passwords and authentications.




    ForMate es software diseniado con el proposito de aumentar las capacidades cognitivas de las personas de forma no invasiva.

    Alguna vez tomo una










	Tomas Borda
	Automatic Reality Ltd. Director
	"Our technology makes easier to wrap the world in leather than just wearing sandals"
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	FOR MY MATEEEEEE I GIVE HIIIIIIIM .. FORRRRRRR MATE ! 
    FOR THE ONES WHO EAT FORMSSSSS I GIVE THEEEEEM.... FORMMMMM  ATEEEE !!
	FOR THE ONES THAT NEED TO LEAAAARRRNNN I GIVE THEEEEEEEMM.... FORMATE  !!
	IT IS FOR EVERYTHING ...... FOOOOOORMATE !
	

	
	FORRRRRRRMATEEEEEEE - 
	GIVING SHAPE TO.......... THE FORMLESS WORLD
	
	